let's talk about space food in the early
days of space exploration food was
mostly squeezed data tubes and brought
up the dehydrating packets but today we
can have quite a variety of food there's
all sorts of things that we'd normally
consume on earth that we have here in
space he just needs some minor
adaptations in the case of sandwiches
we had to substitute for bread so we
decided to use tortillas but why mostly
it's because bread of course makes
crumbs we need them on earth the crumbs
fall down to the ground but here crumbs
are just gonna float away on the other
hand the tortillas that we use are heat
treated and specially packaged in an
oxygen-free environment to prevent
multipoint
their practical packages like this and
thanks to that process so to you like
this
can be good for 18 months so what we're
gonna do is we're gonna open up right
tortilla we're gonna get our peanut
butter squared it under the tortilla get
our honey spritz it on there and we will
have peanut butter honey sandwiches
space open up the tortilla and voila a
weightless tortilla okay we got one
tortilla Oh got away take my peanut
butter open it up hmm can't rip it
fortunately we have space scissors
they're attached by a tether so they
don't go floating up take the scissors
cut open the peanut butter butter peanut
butter is open squeeze it onto the
tortilla carefully and now a little
honey hey I noticed something cool about
the honey instead of the bubbles sitting
up at the top because there's no gravity
to make it float up the bubble is
floating in the middle okay all closed
up and the envelope be numbered and
honey's ready to eat not too bad
last piece of my sandwich it's been
pretty delicious my hands are all sticky
gotta clean up we don't have a sink
we don't have running water gotta wash
you some up some other way disinfectant
wipes
while cleaned up nice and hygienic on
the space station this goes in the trash
lunch is over delicious